it is with persistent practice you gain
internal control and retrain your
muscles to move the way you want to move
hi I'm Tanya Fitzpatrick and welcome to
the freedom from pain series the series
is designed to alleviate tightened
painful muscles using somatic movement
somatic movement is a method that
retrains your brain to retrain your
muscles to relax lengthen and release
the important thing to realize about
somatic movement is that your brain
moves your muscles these exercises are
designed to regain control from within
the movements should never be painful
therefore they can be done by anybody
including those who are suffering from
painful backs or shoulders always check
in to make sure that you're comfortable
when you're using somatic movement and
most of all enjoyed so join me on guaca
and start your journey towards freedom
from pain
[Music]